Many people struggle with sleeping, and in a world where we attempt to solve problems with technology, there exists a lot of new technology to assist with sleep.  We have developed sleep apnea machines to improve sleep for those who snore, as we know this can poorly affect sleep.  These CPAP machines can track sleep trends and store a continuous stream of data for up to a year.  Doctors can then look at this data to determine how effective the CPAP machine has been according to the [Sleep Foundation](https://www.sleepfoundation.org/cpap/cpap-compliance#:~:text=Doctors%20can%20use%20information%20stored,changes%20in%20treatment%20are%20needed.)

There are [Mental Health Apps](<Mental Health Apps.md>) that range in functionality that can lead to improved sleep, as we know mental health can be directly tied to quality of sleep.  Many studies show that people with some mental health disorders often have worse sleeping patterns than those without.  Disorders like ADHD or Depression consistently show worse sleeping patterns in patients when compared to those free of the disorders.  Poor sleep is both often a symptom of these conditions, but also a [[Medications affecting sleep|side effect of the medication taken]] to treat these disorders.  

Some medications work well for people, but there are other less "prescribed" sleep strategies that have shown in studies to work well for treating these sleep issues.  Some alternative sleep strategies work well for many people.  Like using [Sleep Noise](<Sound Enhancing Sleep.md>) to cover up noisy environments, or Monitoring [Blue Light](<Sleep Quality and Environment.md>) before bed.

Some people like Lifestyle Wellness Apps which can track and asses lifestyle trends, like exercise and diet, to improve your healthy habits and result in improved sleep as well.

We have developed technology to track sleep, and analyze our sleep- smart watches, phones or specifically designed [[Measures of Sleep Quality#Wakefulness After Sleep Onset (WASO)|Wakefulness After Sleep Onset]] tracking watches.

There are many new technologies emerging to help with lifestyle and sleep improvements.  Some work well for some and better for others.  It's important to find what works best for you.
