General summary of topics, and index:

Several well-developed methods exist to [[Measures of Sleep Quality|measure sleep quality]]. Previous work relied on questionnaires and human observance, but computer technology allows us to collect a larger body of data in greater detail than before. Devices to measure sleep activity are discussed, as well as applications for general-purpose devices such as one's phone. 

One's sleep quality is highly dependent on one's [[Sleep Quality and Environment|environment]]. Computers are readily applicable to the measurement of environmental factors, such as light, temperature, and noise. In addition, computers can be used to alter these features or supply them at different times. The effect of [[Sleep Quality and Blue Light|blue light]] in particular on sleep quality was an especially interesting subject. 

In the age of technology there are many new [[Computer Systems to Improve sleep|computer systems]] to attempt to solve sleep issues.  [[CPAP Machines]] are a popular technology to attempt help those with sleep apnea, and act as a data retrieval device for doctors to analyze.  While consumers readily have access to [[Oura Ring Gen 3|Smart Rings]] to track sleep data and [[REM Sleep]], and smart phones with [[Mental Health Apps]] to  to improve sleep with [[Sound Enhancing Sleep|sleep sounds]].  Even [[Withings Sleep Analyzer|sensors]] to place under your bed to track sleep.  When considering all these things, one might ask: is it too much? are we better off without? and it's a valid question.

We live such busy lives, and sleep quality is always the top priority.  Living in Urban areas can be noisy and offer many [[Sleep Interrupters|interruptions]] in sleep, lowering sleep quality.  Considering lifestyle habit like [[Exercise and sleep quality|exercise]] can affect sleep quality.  Many people take [[Medications affecting sleep|medications]] to help improve their sleep, but this isn't always a solution.
